I needed you right now I'll be back
later
bye-bye get some food get some good
Austrians go to the shop shop the mall
shops go to the mall get water I think
my mom some is this about my mom
no this map is good hey hey MP and
welcome to The Hunger Games on mcsg I'm
playing wave bye honey
hi hi oh boy are you / new boy no water
me Oh Australia yeah yeah
you've beggin ya bogan oh my god I'm
getting where are you I see you I am
stuff believe me I'm doing it - that's
no good I know what I'm doing shaking I
always get scared doing it it's right
there in it - G yeah
do you anything I'm a weapon let's go
this way oh okay thank you somebody
probably already went up here oh we're
so screwed right here let's do that yeah
that's a motorbike well they're fighting
let's get their weapons
okay okay killed it Dylan weave what my
Sechrist
my stinger no way come down here come
down here dude come here
let's go stand on the pressure plates
back there stand on the pressure plates
you gonna make me die no I I need you
don't move okay don't kill me
I just weird when you said not moving on
the other one
oh geez hey hey
oh my god oh yeah we're dying what is he
doing by dying with dying by me I'm just
watching you time oh okay fine you were
a lot of help
I had nothing that girl was just
standing there - oh jeez
okay one now yeah bogan you're buggin
this might be a blue Paula if we don't
get one a blue paw you form a joint are
you doing 53 hey you're not even in here
you'd already say it it's John 58 oh wow
that has a lot of votes for that matter
you I didn't 58 no man no way
53 buddy just started huh that blue pack
the bleep is weeds a yeah join 96 what a
dead thing goes dong that dead thing
goes down 96 yeah 76 96 96 oh my god one
second left no way okay we're in high
school oh is this America high school
I'm exchange student oh hey Andy and
welcome back dohno welcome back welcome
to survival Kane so you die oh yeah
biggest fail I'm just gonna end it right
here
Oh guys if you enjoyed this oh my god
I'm gonna die if you enjoyed this if you
enjoy I didn't get anything where are
you
okay I'll follow you let's go this a I
got a helmet this is exciting
weird someone returned achievement on
this SG game what has it even possible
hey punching you what's he doing oh I'm
gonna die maybe not I'm kidding my
people huh
my god I swear if you die I thought I
was gonna be the one done I might
actually die is he not dying in there
why is he not dying yeah I died oh my
god are you serious oh my god I know
that's what I was just saying and you
weren't listening
I was opinion - I'm sorry sorry I don't
pay attention to you I'm just such a
terrible guy yeah you terrible terrible
terrible pitiful terrified and terrible
together right 5950 fitna night again